chore(memory): promote strong-fit forms-and-reports drafts from memory-pipeline for review (#122)
medic/cht-agent: agent-memory/domains/forms-and-reports/issues/9301-expose-user-contact-summary-in-forms.md

## Code Patterns

- When forms need data beyond the subject contact, expose it via named external data instances and/or context variables rather than custom variables
- The user's contact summary is computed once and held in a `CacheService` entry that outlives any single form session — it is not re-fetched per question or per form open, and is invalidated only when `ContactChangeFilterService.isRelevantChange()` says a change affects the user's own contact
- Inside a form, read the user's summary from the `user-contact-summary` external data instance; to gate whether a form is offered at all, use `userSummary` in the form's context expression (bound in `xml-forms.service.ts#evaluateExpression` alongside `contact`, `summary` and `user`)
- Compute-and-cache a derived view for the current user: resolve user → contact (user-settings.service + contact-view-model-generator.service, plus target-aggregates.service for target docs) → contact-summary.service → cache in a dedicated service (user-contact-summary.service.ts)

> - The standalone `webapp/web-components/cht-form/src/app.component.ts` takes the subject summary as a `contactSummary` input and looks it up as `instance[id="contact-summary"]`, which is the instance-id shape this PR gave it. It does **not** receive the user summary: `user-contact-summary` is webapp-side only, in form.service.ts and xml-forms.service.ts, so an embedded form cannot read it

Reviewer: **issue (blocking):** The repair swapped one wrong mechanism for another. `app.component.ts` performs no
`instance[id="..."]` lookup; that selector exists in exactly one place in the webapp tree,
`form.service.ts:105` (`modelHasInstance`), a service the web component bypasses. What
`app.component.ts` actually does is tag the summary it is handed (`{ id: 'contact-summary', context:
value }`, `:82`) and call `EnketoService.renderForm` directly (`:217`). The load-bearing conclusion is
right, the web component never gets the user summary; only the mechanism is wrong. An agent that greps
`app.component.ts` for the quoted selector finds nothing, which is the exact failure mode these drafts
exist to prevent.

```suggestion
- The standalone `webapp/web-components/cht-form/src/app.component.ts` takes the subject summary as a `contactSummary` input and tags it with the instance id this PR gave it (`{ id: 'contact-summary', context: value }`), then hands it to `EnketoService.renderForm`, which injects it as that named instance. It does **not** receive the user summary: the `user-contact-summary` instance is created only in the webapp's `form.service.ts` (whose `instance[id="..."]` probe the web component never runs, since it bypasses `FormService`), and `xml-forms.service.ts` exposes the same data to context expressions as `userSummary`, so an embedded form cannot read it
```
